scripts: west_commands: extend `build.dir-fmt` format args (#96421)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/west/build-flash-debug.rst

   * - ``build.dir-fmt``
     - String, default ``build``. The build folder format string, used by
       west whenever it needs to create or locate a build folder. The currently
       supported substitution arguments are:

         - ``west_topdir``: The absolute path to the west workspace, as
           returned by the ``west_topdir`` command
         - ``board``: The board name
         - ``source_dir``: Path to the CMake source directory, relative to the
           current working directory. If the current working directory is
           inside the source directory, this is an empty string. If no source
           directory is specified, it defaults to current working directory.

>          - ``source_dir_ws``: Path to the CMake source directory relative to

Reviewer: `ws` is not a common abreviation, and as this is not something users has to type daily then I would prefer to have it spelled out, like this:
```suggestion
         - ``source_dir_workspace``: Path to the source directory relative to
```

       west whenever it needs to create or locate a build folder. The currently
       available arguments are:

         - ``west_topdir``: The absolute path to the west workspace, as
           returned by the ``west_topdir`` command
         - ``board``: The board name
         - ``source_dir``: Path to the CMake source directory, relative to the
           current working directory. If the current working directory is
           inside the source directory, this is an empty string. If no source
           directory is specified, it defaults to current working directory.

>          - ``source_dir_workspace``: Path to the source directory, relative to

Reviewer 2: My bad, I went too fast and didn't realize the previous is relative too... I think examples would be great here.
